Ye Feifan, what are you wearing?
Under the World
Could it be the king's land?
Do you want to fight against the king's law?
Sheriff Hill must kill him
Do us justice?
Ye Heifan
Since you don't want to be obediently captured
Then I can only send you on your way.
You're the only one to die
Ares
Killing you is as simple as crushing an ant
Just be honest and capture it
waste
God of Police, please save his life
Clues about the Tai Chi diagram
I'm going to press him
up
dare to resist
Break limbs
Who dares to move?
Police Qin
What are you doing here?
Yes, I am.
Whoever moves him will die
What a troublemaker
When did you get into trouble?
It's not that Mr. Qin rushed over to show you
lost
Police Qin
I advise you to stay out of your business
Otherwise, I'll go with you
Jinglong, how dare you?
I am the governor of the lower middle class
How dare you touch me?
Governor
You don't seem to have officially taken office yet, do you?
It's easy to kill you
I'm here today.
No one wants to hurt him
Then let's see if you have the ability.